

27.04: We had a good look at the project description and then we set up a plan on the requirement analysis report

    Tekla: Set up the chapters and framework of the report, worked on the requirement list and set up all the use cases
    Hinni: Worked on the requirement list for costumers, employees and the site-admin
    Patrekur: Finished the description of the employee user group
    Pálmi: Finished the description of the customer user group
    Snorri: Finishes the description of the site-Admin user group.

    Then we all started working together on the wireframe and the prototype.
    Meeting from 12-16


28.04: Goal of the day was to finish the wireframe and the prototype, take at least 2 interviews and completely finalize the requirement list and the use cases

    Tekla: Finalized the requirement list, worked on the design of the report itself, created questions for the interviews
           and it's setup, made the usability goals, wrote introduction and conclusion text
    Hinni: Worked on the requirement list, use cases, prototype & wireframe.
    Patrekur: Worked on the use cases, did the big picture map.
    Pálmi: Did the Use-case diagram.
    Snorri: Worked mainly on the prototype and wireframe

    Meeting from 11-18 and 21-23


29.04: Today is the due date of our requirement analysis report. The report is almost ready we just have to finalize everything
       and go over it.

    Tekla: copied the prototypes from figma onto the word document with description and demonstration. Wrote the
          description of the big picture map. Designed the whole report and made sure everything was neat and tidy.
    Hinni: Worked on the interviews and the whole look of the report.
    Patrekur: Did the big picture map and finalized use cases.
    Pálmi: Finalized the use-case diagram and worked on the interviews.
    Snorri: Worked on the interviews, did the comparison to similar systems and the interviews epilogue.

    Meeting from 12-19

30.04: Today we will do as much as we can in the design report. Main goal of the day is to finish the ugraded prototype and do the interviews.

    Tekla: Did the setup for the thinking out loud user testing, worked on the prototypes, prepared the interviews
           and wrote a few programming rules. Wrote the introduction.
    Hinni: Finished the programming rules for python, html, css & javascript.
    Patrekur: Worked on the interviews.
    Pálmi: Worked on the class diagram.
    Snorri: Did the majority of the upgraded prototypes.

01.05: Today is the due date of our design report.

    Tekla: Took the interviews, wrote the interviews epilogue, wrote the next steps and conclusion. Upgraded the upgraded
          prototypes to show the changes after interview.
    Hinni: Did the navigation diagram and worked on the report as a whole.
    Patrekur: Did the state diagram, worked on the interviews, wrote the text for the class diagram, navigation and state
             diagram and the report as a whole.
    Pálmi: Finished the class diagram and proof read the report.
    Snorri: Did the flow chart, the text for the flow chart, worked on the prototypes and proof read the report many times.

02.05: Weekend break
03.05: Weekend break

04.05: Starting the project. Today we watched half of the videos and did as demonstrated in them, each of us did a seperate
       project on our own computer so everyone would learn how to do this.

05.05: Same as yesterday but today we finished watching the second half of the videos as well as doing as demonstrated.
       Now the project is all set up and we can start developing the frontend and backend

06.05: Since this project is time limited we had to divide tasks between us and focus on each strenght.
       Hinni and Pálmi were mostly going to be working on the backend and Tekla, Patrekur & Snorri were going to start
       working on the frontend.

   Tekla: Did the html and css for the footer and signup general
   Hinni: Spent a lot of time working on the functionality of the shopping cart.
   Patrekur: Did the html and css for the promo, consoles and nes games feature
   Pálmi: Spent a lot of time working on the functionality of the shopping cart.
   Snorri: Did the html and css for the header and different login icons in the header, as well as the consoles menu bar

   Meeting from 10-16

07.05: Continue with the structure of backend and frontend.

    Tekla: Did the html and css for the signup billing
    Hinni: Spent a lot of time working on the functionality of the shopping cart.
    Patrekur: Finished consoles and nes games and did the html and css for the cart and checkout
    Pálmi: Spent a lot of time working on the functionality of the shopping cart.
    Snorri: Finished the login icons for the header and started working on the html & css for a single item / product

    Worked seperately

08.05: Goal to finish the html and css before the weekend but plan b is to be done on monday.

    Tekla: Did the html & css for edit profile and profile itself
    Hinni: Worked on the shopping cart functionality
    Patrekur: Did the html & css for order summary.
    Pálmi: Worked on the shopping cart functionality
    Snorri: Finished the html & css for a single product

    Short meeting from 15-18

09.05-10.05: Everyone did finished touches of their task over the weekend, no special plan except to be done with the
             frontend structure on monday.

11.05: Finalized html & css as well as cleaning it up and bug fixes.

    Tekla: Bug fixed and cleaned up the html & css
    Hinni:...?
    Patrekur: Did the html & css for all products.
    Pálmi: Worked on the functionality for login.
    Snorri: Started connecting all buttons to destination as well as the website as a whole

    Meeting from 11-19

12.05: Goal to finish the project BEFORE friday so friday can be spent just debugging. We made a list of the tasks that
       need to be finished so everyone can assign themselves a task.

   Tekla: Fixed the footer and checked for errors and fixed minor problems all around.
   Hinni: Went over all the html & css and cleaned it up, removed unused link tags, put the same font on everything
   Patrekur: Added an update button to the cart so the user can update the quantity he wants.
   Pálmi: worked on the functionality for log in. Created the database for the promo and made the promo pictures
          clickable that proceed to the product on the picture. Created data.
   Snorri: Fixed all the header icons and worked on the image placement on the user icon

   Meeting from 10-18 and 20-24

13.05: Keep working on the remaining tasks

    Tekla: Updated the signup look (html & css and checked for consistency on the site.
    Hinni: Connected the products to the console and nes games so if you click on it you go to product/# (id)
    Patrekur: Fixed the look on the consoles and featured product so one product / text doesn't take up more space than
              another one. Made the price button in consoles and popular products clickable.
    Pálmi: Functionality of updating & deleting a product in your shopping cart.
           Created a field in user so you can tell you're an employee or not.
           Connected the login.
    Snorri: Fixed the size of the pictures on the product site. Added an 'enter' button beside the Search input field.

    Meeting and work hours from morning until midnight

14.05: Keep working on the remaining tasks

    Tekla: Worked on and planned the video presentation, redesigned the checkout according to the rubric as well as coding it
    Hinni: Connected the random flow of the console and the popular products categories so there will always be 4 random
           products aligned on the front page which change.
           Worked on the functionality of profile and edit profile.
    Patrekur: Added products to the database and fixed minor padding & design issues. Tried to find errors on the site.
              Removed the underline on the text of hovered items. Fixed the description of the products.
    Pálmi: Created the subcategory. Fixed the fact that the cart functionality didn't work when the user was not logged in.
           Worked on sign up functionality. Worked on the search functionality.
    Snorri: Added an counter on the cart icon. Fixed the bug that the search bar went 'out of bounds' when the site was
            smaller. Made the dropdown on the menu bar look much better. Fixed the format of the login feature.

    Meeting and work hours from morning until late night.

15.05: DUE DATE

    Tekla: Finalized the checkout model and added more pictures to each product.
    Hinni: Finalized the edit profile functionality, Did the functionality for order and checkout.
    Patrekur: Tried to fix the fact that the dropdown on the menu wasn't working everywhere.
    Pálmi: Finalized the search functionality. Did the functionality for order and checkout.
    Snorri: Lots of bug fixed, worked on the functionality of more pictures with a product, fixed the sizing of things.








	

